---
layout: post
title: Predictions for 10/9/2016
description: "LETS GO "
headline: CSGO Betting
categories: personal
tags: 
  - predictions
imagefeature: Nvbxuyf.png
imagecredit: 
imagecreditlink: 
comments: true
mathjax: null
featured: true
published: true
---

Sorry I couldn't post predictions up yesterday, was extremely busy. But let's try follow our underdog betting STREAK!

-------------------------------------------------------------------
**Cloud 9 vs FlipSid3**

As I keep saying F3 is a good team and can perform well and are capable of upsetting really good teams. They beat FaZe 2-1 yesterday so this backs up my statement. I will favour Cloud 9 due to their consistency and also because they are the better team right now in terms of gameplay and skill.
However I don't like the odds for Cloud 9 on FANOBET and other betting sites. 1.15 odds for Cloud 9 are just too low.... and its not worth it against a F3 team that is capable of performing well. I simply cannot resist the insanely high odds for F3.
It looks unlikely if F3 will take two maps off if one at all and I really wouldn't be surprised if Cloud 9 win 2-0. However my bet will be..

**My Bet: 1-2% on F3 to win at least one map**

-------------------------------------------------------------------
**G2 vs EnVyUs**

Alright I am personally favouring G2 because they are on point recently. They have been playing consistently and well for the past few weeks. They have beat F3, FaZe, mouse so they are at least playing decent CS. 
For EnVyUs, I would just like to say that they are well past their 'slump' and have now been playing good CS and getting results that I personally thought for improbable for them to get. They have recently beat many pro teams such as F3, VP and CyberZen and they have lost some close matches such as against Astralis. For those who say that nV have no chance, simply look at their matchup last month against G2. NV beat G2 2-0 though it was extremely close on Train. I would like to bet on G2 but I don't really like their odds so my bet is going to be an underdog on NV.

**My Bet: 1-2% on NV**
-------------------------------------------------------------------

 More coming up soon!
-------------------------------------------------------------------

